Clearly I think the fun with all this
stuff comes into hooking into Node
specific stuff.
In that LCD folder, I got this other
directory, but we can do it in here,
where we can actually, there's a library
in Node called system information.
And really what it does, is it,
like it's cross-platform,
can read diagnostics about your system,
right?
And so
what we could do is we could pull that in,
so we could say,
import system from 'systeminformation'.
Awesome, and then we wait for the board
to get created and then on an interval or
whatever, let's read it once and
then we'll do the rest.
You can look at the docs for this library.
It can tell you stuff, battery life,
what your free amount of memory is.
Depends on what operating
system you're using too,
you can get slightly different
things from Linux and
Windows than you can from Mac OS, but
I picked two that were cross-platform.
So what I'll do here is I'll say
memory = await system.mem().
And we'll say,
Battery will be the system battery.
And then we'll just say,
let's start with lcd.cursor.
That's a lot information, lcd.cursor,
and we'll say (0, 0), and
we'll say print('Battery: '
+ battery.percent).
Sure, memory.used over memory.total,
why not.
Let's try that out and
see how it goes for us.
You can currently see
battery percent is a 100%.
The memory is some large number
that looks like I have a lot
of memory on this computer.
I might choose to divide
that by a certain amount.
Let's actually just do available,
we'll do memory.available.
And I'm gonna divide it by,
1024 divided by 1024,
which is basically I'm taking bytes and
turn it into megabytes.
I'm gonna do a Math.round in there too.
So it's telling me the number
of bytes which on a computer,
I think this one has 32 gigabytes
of memory, which is a lot.
So we'll save that and we'll push it up.
So now I can see that I've got
18,000 megabytes of free memory,
and 100% battery cuz I'm plugged in,
right?
So I can read that system
information on load.
I think this gets a little
bit more interesting, though,
if we update these values
on an interval too.
So I could say, setInterval.
And put all that in there.
I get to make an async function.
And let's do that every,
I don't know, second.
We'll push that up as well.
Yep, and so now it is regularly updating
my battery percentage in memory,
which I can see changing as well.